README.md, before:

## 1. How to install this plugin
This plugin is **not published** on the official Moodle plugins directory. If you want to use it, please contact your institution’s Moodle administrator or IT department. They can install the plugin manually using the steps below:

1. Download the `.zip` file of the `autogenquiz` plugin and unzip it.
2. Make sure the folder name is exactly `autogenquiz`.
3. Move the `autogenquiz` folder into your Moodle `mod/` directory, for example: `[MOODLE_ROOT]/mod/autogenquiz` or `[MOODLE_ROOT]/public/mod/autogenquiz`).
4. Open a terminal and run composer install inside the plugin folder (unless the vendor/ folder is already included in the zip):
    ```bash
      cd /path-to-your-moodle-root/mod/autogenquiz
      composer install
    ```
5. Create a new file: 
    ```bash
    /path-to-your-moodle-root/mod/autogenquiz/config_local.php
    ```
6. Put the following content into `config_local.php` (replace `YOUR_LLM_IP_ADDRESS` with your LLM server IP):
    ```php
      <?php

      $AUTOGENQUIZ_API_URL = 'http://YOUR_LLM_IP_ADDRESS:11434/api/generate';
    ```
7. Log in to Moodle as an administrator. Moodle should detect the new plugin automatically and guide you through the **installation/upgrade** screens.

## 2. How to use this plugin
This plugin already provides clear instructions for uploading files and generating questions, so you can follow those steps without any problem.

### 2.1 How to use the generated questions in a Quiz
After you have saved questions into this plugin’s question bank, you can import them into a Quiz activity. Make sure your course already contains at least one ‘Quiz’ activity.

**Steps:**
1. Go to this plugin's page and click “Question bank” in the navigation bar. Then choose 'Export' (top-left menu).
  <img src="img/01.png" width="500">
2. Select 'Moodle XML format', then click “Export questions to file” to download the file. (You may try other formats if needed.)
  <img src="img/02.png" width="500">
3. Go to your Quiz activity and open its Question bank page. Choose 'Import' (top-left menu).
  <img src="img/03.png" width="500">
4. Again select 'Moodle XML format', upload the exported file, and click 'Import'.
  <img src="img/04.png" width="500">
5. The imported questions will appear immediately. If they don’t show up later, select the correct question category and click 'Apply filters' to display them again.
  <img src="img/05.png" width="500">

## 3. Project Issues & Development Notes
If you want to understand the development process or plan to build your own Moodle plugin, you can review the following links or browse the full [Issues](https://github.com/jrcz-data-science-lab/moodle-plugin-quiz-generator/issues) page.

[Resource list](https://github.com/jrcz-data-science-lab/moodle-plugin-quiz-generator/issues/1)\
[Moodle 5.0 database schema and project ERD](https://github.com/jrcz-data-science-lab/moodle-plugin-quiz-generator/issues/2)\
[Development Plan and DFD](https://github.com/jrcz-data-science-lab/moodle-plugin-quiz-generator/issues/3)\
[User Stories and Requirements](https://github.com/jrcz-data-science-lab/moodle-plugin-quiz-generator/issues/4)\
[High-fidelity prototype](https://github.com/jrcz-data-science-lab/moodle-plugin-quiz-generator/issues/7)\
[Designed Prompt](https://github.com/jrcz-data-science-lab/moodle-plugin-quiz-generator/issues/9)\
[Files Explanation](https://github.com/jrcz-data-science-lab/moodle-plugin-quiz-generator/issues/15)\
[Moodle 5 Limitation](https://github.com/jrcz-data-science-lab/moodle-plugin-quiz-generator/issues/18)

Commit message:

add project overview document and link it from README

README.md, after:

## 1. How to install this plugin

This plugin is **not published** on the official Moodle plugins directory. If you want to use it, please contact your institution’s Moodle administrator or IT department. They can install the plugin manually using the steps below:

1. Download the `.zip` file of the `autogenquiz` plugin and unzip it.
2. Make sure the folder name is exactly `autogenquiz`.
3. Move the `autogenquiz` folder into your Moodle `mod/` directory, for example: `[MOODLE_ROOT]/mod/autogenquiz` or `[MOODLE_ROOT]/public/mod/autogenquiz`).
4. Open a terminal and run composer install inside the plugin folder (unless the vendor/ folder is already included in the zip):
   ```bash
     cd /path-to-your-moodle-root/mod/autogenquiz
     composer install
   ```
5. Create a new file:
   ```bash
   /path-to-your-moodle-root/mod/autogenquiz/config_local.php
   ```
6. Put the following content into `config_local.php` (replace `YOUR_LLM_IP_ADDRESS` with your LLM server IP):

   ```php
     <?php

     $AUTOGENQUIZ_API_URL = 'http://YOUR_LLM_IP_ADDRESS:11434/api/generate';
   ```

7. Log in to Moodle as an administrator. Moodle should detect the new plugin automatically and guide you through the **installation/upgrade** screens.

## 2. How to use this plugin

This plugin already provides clear instructions for uploading files and generating questions, so you can follow those steps without any problem.

### 2.1 How to use the generated questions in a Quiz

After you have saved questions into this plugin’s question bank, you can import them into a Quiz activity. Make sure your course already contains at least one ‘Quiz’ activity.

**Steps:**

1. Go to this plugin's page and click “Question bank” in the navigation bar. Then choose 'Export' (top-left menu).
   <img src="img/01.png" width="500">
2. Select 'Moodle XML format', then click “Export questions to file” to download the file. (You may try other formats if needed.)
   <img src="img/02.png" width="500">
3. Go to your Quiz activity and open its Question bank page. Choose 'Import' (top-left menu).
   <img src="img/03.png" width="500">
4. Again select 'Moodle XML format', upload the exported file, and click 'Import'.
   <img src="img/04.png" width="500">
5. The imported questions will appear immediately. If they don’t show up later, select the correct question category and click 'Apply filters' to display them again.
   <img src="img/05.png" width="500">

## 3. Project Issues & Development Notes

For a technical overview of the project structure, current implementation, and known limitations, see [PROJECT_OVERVIEW.md](https://github.com/jrcz-data-science-lab/moodle-plugin-quiz-generator/blob/main/PROJECT_OVERVIEW.md).

If you want to understand the development process or plan to build your own Moodle plugin, you can also review the following links or browse the full [Issues](https://github.com/jrcz-data-science-lab/moodle-plugin-quiz-generator/issues) page.

[Resource list](https://github.com/jrcz-data-science-lab/moodle-plugin-quiz-generator/issues/1)\
[Moodle 5.0 database schema and project ERD](https://github.com/jrcz-data-science-lab/moodle-plugin-quiz-generator/issues/2)\
[Development Plan and DFD](https://github.com/jrcz-data-science-lab/moodle-plugin-quiz-generator/issues/3)\
[User Stories and Requirements](https://github.com/jrcz-data-science-lab/moodle-plugin-quiz-generator/issues/4)\
[High-fidelity prototype](https://github.com/jrcz-data-science-lab/moodle-plugin-quiz-generator/issues/7)\
[Designed Prompt](https://github.com/jrcz-data-science-lab/moodle-plugin-quiz-generator/issues/9)\
[Files Explanation](https://github.com/jrcz-data-science-lab/moodle-plugin-quiz-generator/issues/15)\
[Moodle 5 Limitation](https://github.com/jrcz-data-science-lab/moodle-plugin-quiz-generator/issues/18)
